### 2pm Thursday 26th November

The meeting included a debrief with the mentor and a discussion of the points raised below:

* Borrowing Android devices
  * Paolo has collected an Android device from the Tech Hub for use until May. He can test the MVP on-site until the end of term
* Contract
  * Waiting for update RE UoB department-specific contracts
* GitHub Projects
  * Will be making more of an effort to coordinate tasks here
* MVP
  * Samuel has skeleton code to upload to GitHub
  * Portfolio A will be used as a basis for creating a roadmap and delegating tasks
